fix: devworkspace operator metrics docs (#2276)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_collecting-dev-workspace-operator-metrics-with-prometheus.adoc

.Prerequisites

> * The `devworkspace-controller-metrics` service and `devworkspace-webhookserver` service is exposing metrics on port `8443` and `9443` respecitvely. This is the default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default configuration is set:
** The `devworkspace-controller-metrics` service is exposing metrics on port `8443`.
** The `devworkspace-webhookserver` service is exposing metrics on `9443`. 
```

+
.ClusterRoleBinding example
====
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,+attributes,+macros"]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: devworkspace-controller-metrics-binding
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount

>     name: __<ServiceAccount name>__           <1>
>     namespace: __<Prometheus {orch-namespace}>__     <2>

Reviewer: We use underscores with multi-word values according to
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-replaced-values
(I've also shortened it to one space before `<1>` and `<2>`, but that's clearly my personal preference because there've been cases where the extra spaces didn't align well in the published docs.)
```suggestion
    name: __<ServiceAccount_name>__ <1>
    namespace: __<Prometheus_{orch-namespace}>__ <2>
```

roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: devworkspace-controller-metrics-reader
----

> <1> Name of the ServiceAccount associated with the Prometheus Pod.

Reviewer: Assuming you are referring specifically to the preceding yaml content:
```suggestion
<1> Name of the `ServiceAccount` associated with the Prometheus Pod.
```
Also appears as `ServiceAccount` in https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/service-accounts-admin/

> <2> The {orch-namespace} in which Prometheus is running in.

Reviewer: Does it still sound ok if `in` is dropped?
```suggestion
<2> The {orch-namespace} in which Prometheus is running.
```

        evaluation_interval: 5s             <2>
      scrape_configs:                       <3>
        - job_name: 'DevWorkspace'
          scheme: https
          authorization:
            type: Bearer
            credentials_file: '/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token'
          tls_config:
            insecure_skip_verify: true
          static_configs:

>             - targets: ['__<devworkspace-controller-metrics service host>__:8443']  <4>

Reviewer: Assuming that `devworkspace-controller-metrics` is a value somewhere:
```suggestion
            - targets: ['__<devworkspace-controller-metrics_service_host>__:8443']  <4>
```

Reviewer: Alternatively, if `devworkspace-controller-metrics` is not a value, then:
```suggestion
            - targets: ['__<devworkspace_controller_metrics_service_host>__:8443']  <4>
```

        - job_name: 'DevWorkspace webhooks'
          scheme: https
          authorization:
            type: Bearer
            credentials_file: '/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token'
          tls_config:
            insecure_skip_verify: true
          static_configs:

>             - targets: ['__<devworkspace-webhookserver service host>__:9443']  <5>

Reviewer: Same suggestion as on line 83 above--assuming that `devworkspace-webhookserver` is a value somewhere:
```suggestion
            - targets: ['__<devworkspace-webhookserver_service_host>__:9443']  <5>
```

Reviewer: Alternatively, if `devworkspace-webhookserver` is not a value, then:
```suggestion
            - targets: ['__<devworkspace_webhookserver_service_host>__:9443']  <5>
```
